You misunderstood me, there is no fat person here.
Stand up and take care of people quickly, otherwise they can't be saved.
I sound uneasy. Please invite you. This is not how I send you to school.
Don't judge me, we are good,
You're welcome, King of God, if you have this door,
I don't dare to offend you, you have this person,
I also laughed and said, it’s just childish to not lose on number one,
You are worth five to one,
Oh, Zai, this is your house,
Not bad, not bad,
Yes, I don’t know your bottom line,
He's just a loser. The money you brought,
You said that if you come from anywhere, don't come.
My dad gave it to me
You still want to kill me?
Your damn dad
I didn’t abandon your mother-in-law when you were young.
Did you call me?
Shouldn't I
Are you the wild man your mother is looking for?
What are you running for?